I would like to create a trivia game website that has 20 questions and has a dungen and dragons vibe and storyline that progresses when you solve a question. The I would like 3 difficult math questions, 3 questions a person that loves cats would know, 3 questions about musicals. 3 questions about 80s and 70s music. 3 questions a psychiatrist would know. 3 questions about baseball from the 70s and/or recent baseball royals team. 2 questions about cooking. It should start with a pick your character screne and a happy birthday Doctor Mays. Then starts a dramatic paragraph by paragrah intro story. With a progress bar at the top with how many questions they have gotten correct. They can not progress until they get the question correct. Start creating images too for each story progression and winning scene and characters to pick from. I would like this to be really 80s vibes and lots of fun visuals. Use google fonts and bootstrap css for styling to add more flare. The architecture must be of javascript, css, and html so that I can easily host it as a github page. We must have a kind of config system for the questions and answers so that we can easily add more questions and answers to the game and make it easy to edit the game and make it so that questions can have a configurable number of answers, and also optionally have an image, and optional audio, and optional video. The idea is that I could have questions that say "Listen to the song and answer the question" and then have a audio file of the song and the answer choices. We must use flexbox for the layout and css for the styling and make sure that it is extremely responsive and mobile friendly and very intelligently adaptable to adapt to questions that may or may not have one or more types or number of possible answers, images, audio, video, ect. I would like to revise the number of questions to be users choice up to the umber of questions that exist without duplicates. However, we still want the balance of topic to be the same for the people that will be playing so that they will all have an equal chance of being "stars of the show" for questions that they are particularly knowledgable at.